fix: clean up fork artifacts (#13)
etclabscore/jenkins-vagrant: README.md

NOTE: This is a fork of [rgl/jenkins-vagrant](https://github.com/rgl/jenkins-vagrant), modified to not include gitlab or require custom vagrant boxes.

# Jenkins Vagrant

This is a [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) Environment for a Continuous Integration server using the [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io) daemon. It includes support for all major operating systems (Mac, Windows, Linux).

## For the Non-Developer

> Jenkins Vagrant is an easy way for projects to test, build, and deploy their code without the need of any 3rd party service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jenkins Vagrant, is an easy way for projects to test, build, and deploy their code without the need of a 3rd party service.
```

<img src="diagram.png">

# Install

> `virtualbox` and `vagrant` and `virtualbox-extension-pack` are the dependencies for this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vagrant`, `virtualbox`, and `virtualbox-extension-pack` are required dependencies for this repository.
```

Reviewer: I originally put a removed the `and`s in between the required installs but the `and` is more readable and separates better in the render Markdown.

> If you are on OSX you can get them via [brew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) and [brew cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSX users can get them via [brew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) and [brew cask](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask):
```
